full spelling and grammar check/and correction (#70)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/casa/bom/printing_guide.md

## File Naming

> With your STL files downloaded and your printer warmed up, you may be wondering which parts to print in your favorite colors. Have no fear, we've got your back - each file is labeled.

Reviewer: `labeled` is an Americanisation of `labelled`. But then we use `colors` above instead of `colours` so I dunno who wrote that (probably me! :facepalm: ).

```suggestion
With your STL files downloaded and your printer warmed up, you may be wondering which parts to print in your favorite colours. Have no fear, we've got your back - each file is labelled.
```

I'd prefer we stick to British English spellings of... contentious words if possible.

### Color

> All Casa parts are designed to be printed in a single primary colour. Don't let this stop you from mixing and matching colours to make your colour scheme though!

Reviewer 2: > All Casa parts are designed to be printed in a single primary colour. Don't let this stop you from mixing and matching colours to make your colour scheme though!

to 

> All Casa parts are designed to be printed in a single primary colour. Don't let this stop you from mixing and matching colours to make your colour scheme unique!

Author: Should I address the existing spelling Color above and colour below/everywhere else?

Reviewer: I think we should standardise on colour everywhere, including in the section title.
